{\rtf1\ansi \deff8\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f8\fs20\lang1024 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}\margl1090\margr730\margt730\margb670 
\facingp\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx370 {\headerl \pard\plain \fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 
Getting Started Guide
\par }}{\headerr \pard\plain \qr\fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Installing Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerl \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 \tab \tab Wordz----Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerr \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\cf1 Firewo1kz--Resultz\tab \tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f4\cf1 
\par 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \sa600\sl760\slmult0\tx720 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs72\cf1 Installing Fireworkz
\par }\pard \fi-431\li431\sb200\sl440\slmult0\tx440 {\f4\fs36\cf1 About this chapter
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This chapter provides a brief guide to installing Fireworkz on your computer. 
\par It also shows how to personalise and register your copy of the software. You should do this in order to receive technical support, and further information from Colton Software including information on updates to the software.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 
Installing Fireworkz
\par }{\f4\cf1 To install Fireworkz on to your PC:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Place the first Fireworkz disc in your floppy drive. Make sure that the disc is write-enabled. If you write protect the disc the installer will not be able to run. If Windows is not running, type 
win and press Return.
\par Choose Run from the File menu in Program Manager. The Run dialogue box will appear:
\par Type A:\\setup and click OK. The installer program will run. A dialogue box will appear, containing your serial number and registration information. Type in your name and the name of your organisation:
\par Choose where you want to install the program. The default is that a directory C:\\firewrkz is created, and that program, tutorial and other files are stored there. You can enter a different path or directory name if you wish:
\par Once you have made your installation choices, click OK. The Fireworkz installer will run, installing the program and associated files on your hard disc. You will see a setup progress window, which will show you how the installation is progressing.
\par You will see that a new program group has been created containing Colton Fireworkz. Double-click on the program icon to run the program.
\par Complete the registration card with the name and organisation details you entered in the registration dialogue box, and your registration number. You can check your registration number by choosing About Fireworkz from the icon menu when the 
Fireworkz program is minimised.
\par }}