{\rtf1\ansi \deff8\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f8\fs20\lang1024 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}
\margl1090\margr730\margt730\margb670 \facingp\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx370 {\headerl \pard\plain \fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 
\f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Getting Started Guide
\par }}{\headerr \pard\plain \qr\fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Introduction
\par }}{\footerl \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 \tab \tab Wordz----Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerr \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\cf1 Fireworkz--Resultz\tab \tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f4\cf1 
\par 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \sa600\sl760\slmult0\tx720 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs72\cf1 Introduction
\par }\pard \fi-431\li431\sb200\sl440\slmult0\tx440 {\f4\fs36\cf1 About Wordz, Resultz and Fireworkz
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Wordz, Resultz and Fireworkz are part of the Z family of applications from Colton Software. 
\par You can use Wordz alone as a word processor to write letters, reports, books, invitations, shopping lists, schedules and other documents. 
\par You can use Resultz alone as a spreadsheet to perform calculations, analyse figures, and produce colourful charts. 
\par Fireworkz combines these two members of the family enabling you to do even more\emdash incorporate live results in your reports, or automatic mail-merge to your friends or customers, for example. 
\par Once you have learned to use one of these programs you will find it easy to use the other members of the family, because they share much of the same interface and have been designed to work well together. This is true even if you move from RISC-
OS to Windows or vice versa; the programs have been designed to be as similar as possible on each platform.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 About this Getting Started Guide
\par }{\f4\cf1 This Getting Started Guide includes all the information you need to install and start using Colton Fireworkz. You can find more information about the program and its features in the on-line help and in the User Guide and Spreadsheet Guide.

\par This Getting Started Guide includes:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 A brief installation guide
\par Tutorial files to show you the main features of the program
\par Hints and tips for transferring files between the RISC OS and Windows versions of Fireworkz.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 What you need to use these programs
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This Getting Started Guide assumes that you are already reasonably familiar with the way your computer works. If you are new to computing, or to Windows, you are advised to familiarise y
ourself both with the relevant terminology and the basics of using your computer. You\rquote ll need to know how to: 
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Start up programs and open documents;
\par Access a disc, view directories, and copy files; 
\par Display menus and choose entries from them; 
\par Position and resize windows, use the Program Manager, minimise and restore files (Windows)
\par Scroll through documents using the scroll bars and arrows;
\par Use the mouse to move the pointer around the screen and to display and position the caret, and how to use the mouse buttons to click, double-click and drag objects. 
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You should also understand terms such as directory, double click, and dialogue box.
\par You\rquote ll find all this information in the Windows documentation which came with your computer. The tutorial chapters in the Getting Started Guide also provide a reminder of these skills.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Windows conventions used in this User Guide
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 There are set terms used to describe many of the parts of your computer, the objects displayed on screen and tasks you will carry out. 
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 The mouse
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Fireworkz, Wordz and Resultz use the left button of the Windows mouse (or its equivalents on any trackball or alternative pointing device which you use). For some special operations (those which 
are performed with the right button of the RISC OS mouse) you will need to press the Control key and the left mouse button.\'c3\page }{\f4\fs24\cf1 The window
\par }{\f4\cf1 The following terms are used for the icons and buttons with which you control windows and file/program icons:
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Text in this Getting Started Guide
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 When working your way through the tutorial chapters, you will see that certain stylistic conventions are used to make it easier for you to see what you should do at each stage, what you should 
type in and what you should choose from menus.
\par Menu commands which appear in the text are always given in bold type; for example \lquote Choose the Print command.\rquote  So are action buttons in dialogue boxes, such as the OK button.
\par In some places there is text for you to type in. This is always shown in a typewriter-style font, like this:
\par }\pard \fi360\li720\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 Type this text on your computer exactly as you see it.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 When the text given represents what you will type\emdash for example, you need to give a file a name before saving it\emdash this is shown by using italics, such as:
\par }\pard \li1080\ri287\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Type }{\i\f3\cf1 filename}{\f4\cf1  in the dialogue box which appears.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 There are keyboard shortcuts which you can use in Fireworkz. 
\par The control key is referred to as Ctrl. If you see a key combination such as Ctrl-X or Alt-space, it means you should press the keys together in the following way:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Press and hold down the first key of the pair.
\par Press and release the second key.
\par Release the first key.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You will see many references to the caret. This is the special pointer which shows you where you are in a document, and where any new text you add will be placed.
\par Some commands can be accessed directly by pressing a function key. Where this is the case the function key is referred to as function key F1, as shown on the key cap itself.
\par }}