{\rtf1\ansi \deff8\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f8\fs20\lang1024 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}\margl1090\margr730\margt730\margb670 
\facingp\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx370 {\headerl \pard\plain \fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 
Getting Started Guide
\par }}{\headerr \pard\plain \qr\fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Transferring files between platforms
\par }}{\footerl \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 \tab \tab Wordz----Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerr \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\cf1 Firewo1kz--Resultz\tab \tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f4\cf1 
\par 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\sa600\sl760\slmult0\tx720 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs72\cf1 Transferring files between platforms

\par }\pard \fi-431\li431\sb200\sl440\slmult0\tx440 {\f4\fs36\cf1 About this chapter
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This chapter provides a brief guide to transferring Fireworkz documents between RISC OS and Windows. It describes the procedures you should carry out to ensure that your document 
files are correctly transferred in either direction.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Before you transfer files 
\par }{\f4\cf1 You may wish to transfer documents between RISC OS and Windows. Fireworkz documents can easily be transferred between the two platforms, but there are some potential problems which you should watch out for.
\par Before copying the file on to a PC disc, you should check for the following:
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Fonts
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Fireworkz stores the fonts used in documents internally by their PostScript name, if there is one, rather than any platform- or vendor-specific name. If most of the fonts you use on both 
platforms are standard fonts with standard PostScript names, you should find that the correct fonts are used.
\par For example, in documents which use the Acorn fonts Trinity and Homerton Fireworkz stores the names of the PostScript equivalents Times and Helvetica. When the document is transferred to Windows, the nearest equivalent fonts are used, Times an
d Helvetica if they are installed, or Times New Roman and Arial if only the minimum Windows fonts are installed.
\par If your RISC OS documents use non-standard fonts which do not have a direct equivalent on your PC, another font will be used because the program cannot map directly between equivalent fonts. Inevitably, this will mean that your text is reformatted.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Height and width
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Fireworkz allows you to stretch and shrink type using the Width option in the Text section of the Style editor. If this option has been set in RISC OS, it may mean that Windows will not display the 
text at the correct height or width. This is because fonts in Windows and RISC OS use different mechanisms for this process. 
\par Ideally, you should turn this option off in all text before transferring files. If you do not, you may find that text is displayed at the height which matches the width which has been entered. You may get an acceptable result for some fonts but you 
should not expect this option to work for every font.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Pictures and charts
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Charts and pictures which are embedded within RISC OS documents will be transferred along with the text and the rest of the document. Fireworkz for Windows will interpret and display 
embedded sprite and draw files, and also more complex pictures such as pictogram charts which contain embedded sprites or further draw files.
\par Referenced pictures will usually be transferred or translated. However, you must first make sure that the file names of embedded pictures can be understood by DOS. For example, they should be no more than eight characters. You will also need to 
make sure that in both the original and the copy that all the files are in the same directory: this makes it much easier for Fireworkz to find the files.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Transferring files from RISC OS to Windows
\par }{\f4\cf1 The process of transferring files to Windows is quite simple. The work needs to be done at the RISC OS end, so if you are going to be sent files and do not have access to an Acorn computer, make 
sure that the person sending the files has a copy of these instructions.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Check the document for any of the pitfalls relating to fonts and pictures outlined above.
\par Either place a DOS format floppy in your floppy drive, or mount a PC or server disc across your network.
\par Copy the files on to the disc.
\par You will need to rename the file and change its type. Select the file in the filer window and press the menu button. Choose File \lquote }{\i\f4\cf1 filename}{\f4\cf1 \rquote  and then Rename file from the menu which appears.
\par Make sure that the filename is no more than eight characters long, and add the extension /FWK, for example FILENAME/FWK. This will be interpreted by the PC as FILENAME.FWK. You may need to rename files completely so that you can 
distinguish between their eight character names.
\par Dismount the floppy disc by choosing Dismount from the floppy drive menu on the icon bar. This is important: you may lose data from the file if you do not dismount the disc correctly.
\par You can now take the file to a PC. \page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Transferring files from Windows to RISC OS
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 To transfer files from Windows to RISC OS:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Save the file on to a disc which your Acorn computer can access (for example a floppy disc, or a network server accessible to both types of machine).
\par Select the file in the filer window on the Acorn desktop. 
\par Press the menu button and choose File \lquote }{\i\f4\cf1 filename}{\f4\cf1 \rquote  from the menu which appears, then Set Type.
\par Change the file type to Firewrkz.
\par The file\rquote s icon will change from a DOS file icon to a Fireworkz file icon. You will now be able to use the file in Fireworkz. 
\par }}