{\rtf1\ansi \deff8\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f8\fs20\lang1024 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}
\margl1090\margr730\margt730\margb670 \facingp\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx370 {\headerl \pard\plain \fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 
\f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Getting Started Guide
\par }}{\headerr \pard\plain \qr\fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Writing formulas
\par }}{\footerl \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 \tab \tab Wordz----Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerr \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\cf1 Fireworkz--Resultz\tab \tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f4\cf1 
\par 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\sa600\sl760\slmult0\tx720 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs72\cf1 Writing formulas
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This chapter introduces formulas and shows you how to write them. It introduces the operators and functions which you need to use in formulas and shows you the ways Fireworkz can help you to write formulas e
asily.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Using functions
\par }{\f4\cf1 Load the worksheet exams.fwk from the Tutorial directory.. You will see a list of class members and their marks in four exams:
\par We need to calculate the average mark for each pupil, and to award them each a single grade based on this average mark. We then need to work out the number of pupils receiving each grade, and the percentage of the class receiving each grade.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 The function selector
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 In the previous chapter you added columns of numbers using the Autosum button. You saw that this created a formula which you could read on the formula line. In this chapter, you will be entering formulas d
irectly on the formula line.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Working out an average
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The first step is to work out the average number of marks earned by each student. 
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click in cell }{\f3\cf1 g3}{\f4\cf1 . We need to add the avg() function to this cell. You can type in functions directly, but we will use the function selector, an easy way of entering functions.

\par Click in the formula line; you\rquote ll see the caret appear there. 
\par Now click on the function selector button.
\par Choose Quick... from the function selector menu by clicking on it. You\rquote ll see a short list of functions, including avg(list).
\par Double-click on the avg(list) entry. It will now appear on the formula line:
\par The word }{\f3\cf1 list}{\f4\cf1  is called the parameter to the function. You need to replace it with the actual data on which the function will operate. The avg() function needs a list of numbers to operate on. You could supply a list of individual cel
l references, but in this case we will supply a range, indicating that the function should operate on the data in all the cells contained between, and including, the two cell references given.
\par }\pard \li1080\ri287\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You could enter the range details by typing in the top left and bottom right cells in the range, but it\rquote s easier to use the mouse.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click on cell b3 and drag to cell e3. You\rquote ll see these cell references appear between the brackets on the formula line; note that }{\f3\cf1 list}{\f4\cf1  has been replaced:
\par Your formula is now complete. Click on the Tick button or press Return to enter the formula. 
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You will see the result appear in the cell.
\par We need to perform the same calculation for all the students in the class. This can be done using one of the Fill buttons.
\par When you use a Fill button to copy a formula, it updates the formula in each row or column, so that the data it operates on has the same relative position to each cell containing the formula. So when our formula appears in row 4, it 
will calculate the average value in row 4, and so on.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click on cell g3 and drag to select the cells in column g up to and including g18. 
\par Now click on the Fill down button (because we are filling down a column). The column will fill with the average mark for each student:
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 The if function
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The next stage is to assign a grade to each student, based on their average mark. The school operates the following formula:
\par }\pard \fi-2304\li2592\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1440\tx2600\tx4040 {\f4\cf1 \tab Average mark\tab \tab Grade
\par \tab over 75\tab \tab A
\par \tab 50-75\tab \tab B
\par \tab under 50\tab \tab C
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 We could simply look at each mark and type in the appropriate grade. However, we can write a formula which calculates the grade, by using the if() function.
\par The aim of our formula is to look at a mark, and see if it is over 75. If it is, the letter A will be printed in the column. If it isn\rquote t, the formula will look and see if the mark is between 50 and 75. If it is 
the letter B will be printed; if it isn\rquote t (ie it is less than 50) the letter C will be printed.
\par To start writing the formula containing the if() function, click on cell h3 and then click on the formula line. Click on the Function selector button, then on Quick... on the menu which appears. Double-click on if(condition,then,else) a
nd it will be added on the formula line.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Writing the condition
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The if function has three parameters.
\par The first is the condition, the test which the formula applies to the mark. If the condition is true, the action detailed in the second parameter takes place. If it is false the action detailed in the third parameter takes place.
\par We need to test that the mark is greater than 75. To do this we simply enter a comparison as the first parameter. Fireworkz will take the contents of the cell, and test to see if the answer is true, or false (less than 75) and act accordingly:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 g3>75
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 To enter the cell reference }{\f3\cf1 g3}{\f4\cf1 , simply point and click at that cell, then type in the rest of the condition }{\f3\cf1 >75}{\f4\cf1 . Our formula now reads:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 if(g3>75,then,else)
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Printing a string
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Next we need to detail what will happen if the condition is true. We want the letter A to appear in the cell, so we simply need to type this in. Text manipulated by formulas needs to be surrounded by d
ouble quotes, so that Fireworkz can recognise it and process it correctly. It is referred to as a string, because it is a string of characters.
\par Enter }{\f3\cf1 "A"}{\f4\cf1  after the comma. As you move on to subsequent parameters, they will be highlighted; appropriate help will appear in the status line. As before, just type over the parameters to replace them. A
ll parameters must be separated by commas, so that Fireworkz can tell them apart. The formula will now read:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 if(g3>75,"A",else)
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Nesting if functions
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The last stage is to enter what happens if the average mark is less than 75. In this case, what will happen is that a further test will be applied to the mark, to see if it is between 50 and 75. To write this 
part of the formula, we need to use a further if() function. This process is known as nesting functions.
\par This time we will type in the function directly. Between the last comma and the close bracket, type over the else part:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 if(,,)
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Your formula will now read:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 if(g3>75,"A",if(,,))
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Make sure that you have the correct number of brackets at the end of the formula. There should be two closing brackets next to each other. The next stage is to enter the new condition, the first 
parameter to the second if() function. This time we will test that the mark is greater than or equal to 50. Type between the opening bracket and first comma:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 g3>=50
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 There\rquote s no need to test that the mark is over 75, because we have already assigned a grade to those marks and this calculation will not be performed on marks which met the condition in the first 
part of the function. Your formula now reads:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 if(g3>75,"A",if(g3>=50,,))
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The final stage is to enter what will be done if this second condition is true or false. If it is true (ie the mark is between 50 and 75) we want to print the grade B; if it is false, the mark will be 
neither over 75 nor 50 or over, so it must be under 50, and receive the grade C. So the second parameter will be }{\f3\cf1 "B"}{\f4\cf1  and the third will be }{\f3\cf1 "C"}{\f4\cf1 . Type these in. The finished function should look like this:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 if(g3>75,"A",if(g3>=50,"B","C"))
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 To evaluate the formula, you need to tell Fireworkz that you have finished typing it in. Click the Tick button at the left of the formula line. You should see the result A appear in the cell 
containing the formula. Note that the quotes are not displayed.
\par Finally, we need to perform the same calculation for each student in the class. Again, we can use the Fill down button to do this. Select cell h3 and drag down to cell h18. The column will fill with the grades for each student:\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 
Analysing information
\par }{\f4\cf1 We now need to analyse the information on the grades for the class as a whole. We want to count the number of students with grade A, grade B and grade C.
\par The easiest way to do this is to use one of the database functions. Database functions make a selection from a set of records and perform a calculation on the selection.
\par We need to find the students with each grade, and simply count how many there are, so the dcounta() function is the one to use. Click on cell b23, and click on the formula line to place the caret there. 
\par Click on the Function selector button, and then click on Categories. Choose Database, then find and double-click on the function dcounta(range,condition).
\par This function has two parameters; the first gives the range of cells on which the function is to operate, and the second the condition to be applied to them.
\par In this case the range is the cells containing grades, cells h3 to h18. So type this as the first parameter, but place a dollar sign before the number. After the comma type the condition:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 h$3h$18="A"
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Note that we need to enter the quote marks around the text string for Fireworkz to recognise it.
\par Inserting the dollar signs in the cell reference means that the row references will not be changed when the formula is copied using Fill down, but will always refer to the row containing the students and their marks.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The finished formula should look like this:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 dcounta(h$3h$18,h$3h$18="A")
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Click the Tick button or press Return. The answer 2.00 should appear in cell B23.
\par Select cells b23 to b25 and click the Fill down button.
\par In cell b24 we are looking for students with grade B, and in cell b25 looking for students with grade C. Edit the formulas in these cells to contain the correct letter. The formulas will be identical to that in b2
3 but the final text string (ie the grade) will differ.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Using operators
\par }{\f4\cf1 As a finishing touch, we will display the information about students in each grade category as a percentage of the whole.
\par There are two parts to this process. First we need to calculate the percentage, then to use a percentage style to format and display the result correctly.
\par It\rquote s easy to calculate a percentage; simply divide by the total number of elements in the group.
\par For simple arithmetic operations, we use the arithmetic operators +, -, * and /. 
\par Click on cell c23, and click in the formula line. Click on cell b23. You\rquote ll see b23 appear in the formula line. We need to divide this number by the total number of students, which we can work out using the counta() function. Now type in
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 /counta(a$3a$18)
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 and click the Tick button. The result 0.13 will appear in the cell.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Inserting the dollar signs in the cell reference means that the row references will not be changed when the formula is copied using Fill down, but will always refer to the row containing the 
students and their marks.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Select cells c23 to c25 and click Fill down to calculate the remaining percentages.
\par With the cells still selected, click the Style button. Choose Percentage from the style list, and click Apply. The numbers will be displayed as a percentage; in this case, this means that they are multiplied by 100, and shown with no decimal places and a 
percentage sign:
\par \page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Updating information
\par }{\f4\cf1 The advantage of using a spreadsheet instead of pencil and paper is the ease with which information can be recalculated. After all the marks have been gathered and the analysis completed, news comes in that the external mod
erators have changed the marks for some English students.
\par Click on cell b3. Type in }{\f3\cf1 65}{\f4\cf1  over the number. This changes the average score to under 75, and so changes the Grade, the number of students with each grade and the percentage of students with each grade. 
\par Click the Tick button to confirm the new cell contents. All the calculations will be updated straightaway.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Summary
\par }{\f4\cf1 In this chapter you learned how to write formulas, including the following stages:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Using the function selector
\par Typing in functions on the formula line
\par Using arithmetic and logical operators
\par Using the Fill buttons with functions
\par Database functions
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The Spreadsheet Guide contains more information on using functions and operators and writing formulas, as well as full details of each function, including its parameters.
\par You can also access information on functions through the function reference section of the on-line help system.
\par }}