{\rtf1\ansi \deff8\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f8\fs20\lang1024 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}
\margl1090\margr730\margt730\margb670 \facingp\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx370 {\headerl \pard\plain \fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 
\f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Getting Started Guide
\par }}{\headerr \pard\plain \qr\fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Getting started with spreadsheets
\par }}{\footerl \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 \tab \tab Wordz----Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerr \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\cf1 Fireworkz--Resultz\tab \tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f4\cf1 
\par 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\sa600\sl760\slmult0\tx720 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs72\cf1 Getting started with spreadsheets
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This chapter provides an introduction to Fireworkz and to basic spreadsheet features which it contains. If you are new to using Fireworkz or to using spreadsheets, you should work through this chapter.
\par }\pard \fi-431\li431\sb200\sl440\slmult0\tx440 {\f4\cf1 \page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Loading the file
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Open the Tutorial directory using File Manager; you will see a file called Accounts. Load this file by double-clicking on its icon. You\rquote ll see the following window:
\par The file contains the simplified accounts of a small business. Some categories of information have already been entered. However, not all the details have been filled in. We will be entering more text and numbers to the worksheet, and performing some 
calculations to add up the columns of figures.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Cells
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Each piece of information appears in a box called a cell. Some cells contain text, and others contain numbers. The two types of cell behave in slightly different ways, as you will see when you work with them. 

\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 In this worksheet, the cells around the top and left edges of the page are text cells, and the others are number cells. 
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Cell references
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Each cell has a unique address within the spreadsheet, formed by its column and row name. Within a worksheet each column and row have a unique heading letter or number, and these are used 
to identify each cell. For example, the cell at the intersection of column A and row 9 is referred to as cell A9. However you type them in, cell references appear in lower case in the formula line.
\par Many operations you carry out in a spreadsheet are done by entering a function in one cell, and giving it the cell references of the cell or cells containing the data. The function is a command whic
h performs an operation on the data, such as adding it up, or working out the average. The cell containing the function then displays the result of performing that calculation on that data.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Entering text
\par }{\f4\cf1 When you enter text into a text cell, you type it straight on to the worksheet page.
\par To enter text in a cell you need to place the caret there, to make it the current cell. 
\par Click once on cell A9. It is now the current cell. There are three ways you can tell this:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 The row and column headings A and 9 are emphasised.
\par A border appears around cell A9.
\par You can see the caret in cell A9 (this only applies to text cells).
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Type in the word }{\f3\cf1 Travel}{\f4\cf1  into cell A9 and press Return.
\par Now A10 is the current cell. Type in the word }{\f3\cf1 Total}{\f4\cf1  and press Return.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Entering numbers
\par }{\f4\cf1 When you enter numbers into number cells, you type them in the formula line and then click the Tick button or press Return. Then the formatted version of the number you enter is displayed in the worksheet cell.
\par As you can see, there are still a lot of blanks in the number section of the worksheet to fill in before we can calculate the totals.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Entering single numbers
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Click on cell B9. You\rquote ll see that it develops a border now that it is the current cell, but no caret appears. This is characteristic of number cells. Click in the formula line.
\par Type }{\f3\cf1 60}{\f4\cf1 . The numerals don\rquote t appear in the worksheet cell, but on the formula line at the top of the screen. When you enter data or formulas into number cells, they are always displayed on the formula line first, a
nd entered when you press Return or click on the Tick button. When you are working on the formula line, many buttons which only apply when you are working on the main worksheet are \lquote greyed out\rquote :
\par Press Return. You\rquote ll see 60.00 entered in cell B9 on the worksheet. Fireworkz has applied a format to the number, displaying it with two decimal places:
\par Enter some more numbers into the following cells:
\par }\pard \fi-2304\li2592\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1440\tx2600\tx4040 {\f4\cf1 \tab C9\tab }{\f3\cf1 65
\par }{\f4\cf1 \tab D9\tab }{\f3\cf1 60
\par }{\f4\cf1 \tab E9\tab }{\f3\cf1 70
\par }{\f4\cf1 \tab E7\tab }{\f3\cf1 65
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Copying numbers
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Cell E8 is still blank. However, the number to enter there, 40, is the same as the number in cell C8. Rather than type in a new number, we will copy the number from cell C8 to E8.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Select the contents of cell C8 by double-clicking in the cell. The whole cell will turn black to indicate that it is selected. Click on the Copy button on the button bar.
\par Click on cell E8. It now becomes the current cell.
\par Click the Paste button on the button bar. The number 40.00 will now appear in both cells.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Entering blocks of numbers
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You will notice that we still have not entered the figures for the Rates in row 5. This is a fixed cost, the same every quarter. We don\rquote t have to enter the number in every cell individually. Instead 
we can fill the cells.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Selecting a range
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 To fill a group of cells we must first select the group of cells to fill. Groups of adjoining cells are called ranges. Click in cell B5 and drag until cell E5 is also selected:
\par All the selected cells will appear solid black.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Filling cells
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You will see that the two buttons at the top left of the Fireworkz window are no longer greyed out. These buttons enable you to enter the same number into several cells at once.
\par The data must already appear in the first cell in the range, as it does in cell B5.
\par Click the Fill right button on the button bar. You will see the number 150.00 appear in all the selected cells.
\par Your worksheet should now look like this:\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Adding numbers
\par }{\f4\cf1 There are some blank spaces left in the worksheet for the totals. Adding up columns and rows of numbers is one of the most common operations performed with spreadsheets. There\rquote s a 
button on the button bar to enable you to total columns or rows automatically.
\par To do this, all you need do is select the cells you want to total, plus a blank cell at the end to display the result in.
\par We\rquote ll add column B first. 
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Select cells B4 to B10 by clicking in B4 and dragging downwards.
\par Now click on the Autosum button at the top left of the button bar.
\par The figure 885.00 will appear in cell B10. 
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Do the same for columns C, D and E. You can speed this up even further, by selecting the range C4 to E10 and clicking Autosum. Fireworkz will automatically total each column.
\par Finally, we need to add the contents of rows 4 to 10. You can do this in one operation by selecting cells B4 to F10 and clicking Autosum. Column F will now contain the totals of each row, and in cell F10 the grand total.
\par If you click on cell F10, you will be able to see in the formula line the way Autosum works. The formula line reads:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 sum(b10e10)
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The function which performed the operation is mentioned first, followed by the cells on which it operated, in this case the range B10 to E10.
\par A slower but simpler method of getting the same result would have been to type in the formula line
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 b10+c10+d10+e10
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 But this would have taken much longer. Also, if you later insert extra columns into the range covered by the sum function, it automatically updates to include the extra columns.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Applying 
styles and formats
\par }{\f4\cf1 The worksheet is now full of data, but it is unformatted. We need to know more about numbers than the numerals to understand them; if they are money, what currency, if they are a percentage, 
and so on. Formatting the numbers makes them easier to understand because we know more about what the numbers represent, and about their size.
\par The numbers in this worksheet are, in fact, currency and should be formatted as such.
\par Formats are applied to cells using the Style system. This is a feature of Fireworkz which allows you to collect formatting information and give it a name, and then choose the name from the style list to apply to any section of your worksheet.
\par To apply a style to an area, you must first select the area. 
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Select the cells containing numbers, cells B4 to F10.
\par Click on the Style button. You\rquote ll see a list of available styles. Several styles have already been defined in this document; it\rquote s possible to create new styles if you need them, but the ones we need have already been set up.
\par Choose the style pounds pence from the list by clicking on it.
\par Click Apply. The numbers will appear reformatted with pound signs:\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Conclusion
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 In this tutorial you learned to:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Find your way around the Fireworkz window
\par Enter text in text cells
\par Enter numbers in number cells
\par Total columns and rows of numbers
\par Apply formatting to numbers
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The next chapter provides more information on working with numbers, including writing formulas and using functions.
\par }}