{\rtf1\ansi \deff8\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f8\fs20\lang1024 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}
\margl1090\margr730\margt730\margb670 \facingp\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx370 {\headerl \pard\plain \fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 
\f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Getting Started Guide
\par }}{\headerr \pard\plain \qr\fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Combining text and numbers
\par }}{\footerl \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 \tab \tab Wordz----Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerr \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\cf1 Fireworkz--Resultz\tab \tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f4\cf1 
\par 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\sa600\sl760\slmult0\tx720 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs72\cf1 Combining text and numbers
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This chapter shows you further ways in which you can use Fireworkz to simplify tasks which would be much more complicated if you were using separate word processor and spreadsheet programs.
\par In this chapter you will:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Work on a report which contains a mixture of text, tables containing live data, and charts. 
\par See how you can use Fireworkz\rquote  advanced features to keep your data up-to-date.
\par Define and use names in number and text cells
\par Create a pictogram
\par Customise your pictogram and position it in the document\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Checking the text
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Open the document Report.fwk from the Tutorial directory. You\rquote ll see that it already contains a couple of sections of text, some headings and a couple of tables. We will be adding to this in the 
course of this chapter, as well as adding more formatting to the contents of the document.
\par Scroll through the document to familiarise yourself with its contents. You\rquote ll see that there is a faint grid around all the cells and paragraphs.
\par Click on the Style button to see the list of styles which has already been set up in this document. There are styles for two levels of heading, body text (the base style), table text, table heading, and table numbers. 
\par This document was based on a sheet template. It started off as a plain worksheet, and the text was then added to it. Because of this, the document\rquote s tables don\rquote t yet have borders set up around them other than the faint grid.\page }{
\f4\fs36\cf1 Adding a border to a table
\par }{\f4\cf1 The next step is to add a grid to make the table easier to read when the document is printed out. 
\par Because of the way Fireworkz draws grids, it\rquote s always a good idea to leave a row/paragraph between the top of a table and the surrounding worksheet. You\rquote ll see that there is such a pair of buffer rows in the document already. 
\par You can shrink this down to around 0.3cm by pointing at the border between these rows and the row beneath, and dragging the row resize pointer upwards. You can check the measurement of the row either by looking at the ruler or by reading the 
measurement in the status line.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Now select the whole table by dragging from b6 to f10, and choose Box from the Style menu. The Box dialogue will appear.
\par Click on All, and click OK.
\par The box will be drawn with standard thickness black lines.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Your table should now look like this:\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Referring to numbers in text
\par }{\f4\cf1 The text in this document mostly describes the contents of the tables. As such, it is helpful to refer directly to the table contents. Because the data in the tables is preliminary, and is likely to be updated, one option is to use 
names to refer to the data. If the data is updated in the table, the copy elsewhere in the document is updated too.
\par There is already an example of this set up in the document. In the paragraph beneath the first table, a line of text leads to a cell containing the contents of the name Redbang. 
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Setting up a name
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Your first task when you want to use a name is to define it. 
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click on the Function selector button.
\par Choose Names from the menu which appears.
\par A dialogue box listing names which have already been defined will appear. Click the New button.
\par A further dialogue will appear in which you should define the name. You need to enter a name for the name, as well as its definition. Enter }{\f3\cf1 Worst}{\f4\cf1  for the name and the cell reference }{\f3\cf1 f8}{\f4\cf1  for the definition.
\par Click OK. Your new name will be added to the list.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Referring to a name in a number cell
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Using names is simple. You simply pick a name from the list and enter it, and the data which the name refers to.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click on cell c13.
\par Click on the function selector and choose Names from the menu again.
\par Select }{\f3\cf1 Worst}{\f4\cf1  and click on--Insert. The name will be added to the formula line.
\par Click the Tick button or press Return to enter the number in the cell.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Using names in this way is the same as using a cell reference, but is easier to manage. For example, you can use names created in one document in any other document which is open. It\rquote s much 
easier to work with a name in a second document than a cell reference, because the name will always remind you of its origins.
\par To see a name working in this way, click on the Fireworkz icon and open a new sheet based document. Click the Function selector button and choose Names from the menu which appears. You\rquote 
ll see your names appear in the list, along with their full path names. You\rquote re not going to work with this second document (it was used purely as an example), so close it without saving it.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Referring to a name in a text cell
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The second method of using names enables you to use the data contained in a name within text. You can see this in action in row 4 of the document, a long text paragraph. The last sentence has the figure entered 
as a name.
\par Move to row 15 of the document. This requires the name you defined to be entered in the text. 
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Place the caret before the comma between at and must in the last line. 
\par Choose Name from the Inserts submenu from the Extra menu.
\par Choose }{\f3\cf1 Worst}{\f4\cf1  from the dialogue box which appears. 
\par Click Insert. The value of the name, in this case 5.45, will be added to the text.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Updating your data
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The benefit of using names is that the references are automatically updated when the original data changes. To see this in action: 
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click on cell e9 in the table.
\par Click in the formula line and select the numbers which appear. 
\par Enter 8 as a replacement number.
\par Click the Tick button or press Return. The table cell will be updated and so will the references to it in both the text paragraph above, row 4, and the cell below, row 12.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Drawing a chart
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 While tables are a good way of presenting numerical information, readers have to examine them carefully to interpret the data they contain. Charts, on the other hand, provide a visual 
representation of data which is obvious to most readers. 
\par You can draw a chart from any data held in a table. Numerical data used as the basis for a chart must be held in number cells. The numbers in the tables in this document are all held in number cells, so that isn\rquote t a problem.
\par Scroll down the document to the end. You\rquote ll see that the last paragraph of text discusses the heights achieved by the different fireworks mentioned in the table. A chart is a great way to show this information, a pictogram even better.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Scroll back up to the table and select cells b7 to c10.
\par Click on the Chart button. A menu will appear.
\par Choose Bar. The bar charts gallery will appear:
\par Click on the third button down in the second column, the one with different sized penguins. This will produce a pictogram chart with the bars made up from a single image.
\par Check the 3D option is off, then click OK.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Customising the chart
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Your chart will be drawn with the default pictogram pictures (penguins) included. What you really want is an appropriate picture to add real sparkle to your report.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Locate the sprite Firepic.ff9 from the Tutorial directory.
\par Go back to the report document. Double-click inside the chart area to make the chart active, then click the columns to select them. Notice the message in the status line which tells you the series which are selected.
\par Drag the sprite icon on to the chart.
\par The chart will redraw with the firework picture used to make up the bars.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Positioning the chart
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The final step is to position the chart at the end of the document. 
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click once in the chart to select it as a picture.
\par Drag the chart down to the end of the document. It will appear on the second page.
\par When the chart is beneath the text describing its contents, it is in the right place.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Finishing the report
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The final stage is to save your document and print it. 
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Saving
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 To save:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click the back icon of the window border so that you can see a suitable directory window, or click on the icon of the disc on which you want to save the file, so that the required directory 
window is visible.
\par Click on the Save button, or choose Save from the File menu.
\par The Save dialogue box will appear. Type in a name for the file , choose the drive and directory where you want to save it, and click OK.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Printing
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 To print the document:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click on the Print button or choose Print from the File menu. The Print dialogue box appears.
\par Click OK. The document will be printed.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Summary
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 In this chapter you learned to work with a document based on a spreadsheet template but containing both text and numbers.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 You set up a table using the Box dialogue box to provide an outline.
\par You used names to refer to the contents of your table in both worksheet cells and within text.
\par You defined a name and updated an existing one.
\par You created a pictogram and customised it using a .ff9 (sprite) file.
\par You saved and printed the document.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 For further information on Names, charts and pictograms, see the Spreadsheet Guide.
\par For information on printing see the User Guide.
\par }}