{\rtf1\ansi \deff8\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f8\fs20\lang1024 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}
\margl1090\margr730\margt730\margb670 \facingp\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx370 {\headerl \pard\plain \fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 
\f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Getting Started Guide
\par }}{\headerr \pard\plain \qr\fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Further steps in Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerl \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 \tab \tab Wordz----Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerr \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\cf1 Fireworkz--Resultz\tab \tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f4\cf1 
\par 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\sa600\sl760\slmult0\tx720 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs72\cf1 Further steps in\line \tab Fireworkz

\par }\pard \fi-431\li431\sb200\sl440\slmult0\tx440 {\f4\fs36\cf1 What\rquote s in this chapter
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This chapter is intended to introduce you to some of Fireworkz\rquote  powerful and advanced features. You should find that they are no harder to use than the basic features you learned in the last chapter.

\par In this chapter you will learn how to:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Add new styles and update existing ones using the Style dialogue box
\par Layer styles to provide a combination of changes to areas of text, including colour, emphasis and typeface.
\par Use Effects to provide one-off changes
\par Use the ruler and markers to update styles
\par Add a box to an area of text
\par Create and edit tables
\par Resize columns in tables 
\par Add colour to tables
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The example documents in this chapter were designed to work on A4 paper. If the printer you will be using does not print on A4 but a different length or width of paper, you will need to tell 
Fireworkz this before you start.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Ensure that your printer driver has been installed correctly.
\par Choose Paper... from the Page menu.
\par Click the button marked Read printer, then click OK.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This process will ensure that the document is formatted correctly for your printer, using the information stored in your printer driver. See the chapter in the User Guide on Printing for further 
details of setting up your printer driver.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Using the style editor
\par }{\f4\cf1 The style editor is one of Fireworkz\rquote  most powerful features. It\rquote s well worth learning to use to get the best out of the program. Styles are a powerful tool for formatting your text and 
documents. They enable you to tag similar things such as all the headings in your document, and apply the same typeface, size, and margins and so on to them. 
\par This makes designing your document quicker, because you only have to set up a style once and then it can be quickly applied to any text, and ensures that your documents are consistent, because 
when you change a style Fireworkz automatically changes all text which appears in that style. This Getting Started Guide, for example, has styles set up for headers and footers, for headings and for body text and indented and numbered paragraphs.
\par Before you start to edit styles and create new styles, you should familiarise yourself with the style editor by looking at some of the styles in the document you\rquote ll be working on.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Load the example document newslet.fwk. It is in the Tutorials directory in the firewrkz directory.
\par Click on the Style button. A dialogue box containing the list of styles is displayed.
\par Click on BaseLetter and then click Change.
\par }\pard \li1080\ri287\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This is the base style for the document. 
\par The style editor is divided into seven sections which you can reach by clicking on the radio button next to their title. You\rquote ll see that all the green buttons at the left edge of the style editor are illuminated; this indicates that something 
has been selected in that section of the style editor. They just help you find out what attributes a style has. The first green button is always on as every style has a name.
\par Styles only change those aspects of text which have actively been set in them. A style which makes text bold will not change the colour of text, or its size. 
\par Click Cancel.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Follow the same procedure, but this time choose Bold from the style list.
\par }\pard \li1080\ri287\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You\rquote ll see that this style has only one active section, Text. Applying this style to any text will change the type to bold, because the check box and the buttons are switched on. The 
check box indicates whether the style affects the boldness of text\emdash in this case it does\emdash and the button shows you what that effect is\emdash it makes the text bold. If the right button were 
in the off position, the effect of the style would be to remove any occurrence of bold text it encountered. 
\par Everything else, from margins to text size to colour, will be left the same.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You should spend some time looking at the options in the Changing style dialogue box. If you don\rquote t understand any of the terms used, they are all defined in the Glossary at the back of the User Guide.

\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Adding a new style
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The newsletter does not have a style for headings. Headings currently appear in the same style as the main text (referred to as body text).
\par To add a new style:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click on the Style button, then click New. The following dialogue box will appear:
\par Type Heading in the space for the style name.
\par Click on the style BaseLetter in the list. It\rquote s often easier to base new styles on an existing one.
\par Click OK. A new dialogue box will appear with the title Defining new style: Heading.
\par Click on the Text button, to go to the part of the style dialogue box where you can alter text style:
\par You will be making the type bold and increasing its size. So you need to click on the check box next to the bold button. Both it and the Bold button will be pressed in. Next, click on the height check box. Use the arrows to increase the size to 16 points.

\par Click OK in the bottom right corner of the dialogue box. 
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The new style is now added to the list of styles. If you click on the Style button you will see that Heading is now included in the list of styles.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Applying your new style to existing text
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 There are several headings already in the document to which you need to apply the Heading style. To do this:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Go to the first heading, and select it: \lquote Latest news from your youth club and community centre.\rquote 
\par Click on the Style button.
\par Choose Heading from the list of styles and click Apply.
\par The heading will appear in bold and in larger text.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Go through the other headings in the document and do the same to them.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Choosing the style for text entry
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 One way to design your document is to enter all the text and then to add styles to it. However you may also choose the style for text before you enter it. You need to add another text paragraph to the newsletter:

\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Place the caret at the end of the paragraph \lquote Thanks to everyone...\rquote  and press Return. The caret is now at the start of a new paragraph.
\par Click on the Style button in the button bar.
\par Click on Bold and then Apply.
\par Type in:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 Also thanks
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click on the style button again and choose BaseLetter, then click Apply. Type in:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 to the Parent and Toddler group for raising \'a3145 with the sponsored tricycle ride.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You will see that the first two words appeared in bold and the rest in the base text style.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Changing styles without using the dialogue box
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 There are some aspects of style which are much more easily set up or changed by working on page with the buttons and ruler markers than by going through the style dialogue box and typing 
in numbers. Setting margins and tabs are the main example.
\par The list of points at the bottom of the page need to be indented (moved towards the centre of the page) further than they are already. To change the style:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Place the caret in the line beginning \lquote Junior disco\rquote . But make sure that you don\rquote t select any text; you can check this by 
looking at the Selection button in the button bar, which should be white.
\par Point at the left margin marker, and drag it one centimetre to the right. The paragraph margin marker and tabs will follow it:
\par All three paragraphs will reformat in the changed style.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 If you attempt to change a style while there is a selection, your changes will be applied as an effect to the selected area. An effect is like a one-off occurrence of a style, but no record of it is stored 
in the Style list so it is harder for you to keep control of your document and go back and make stylistic changes.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Layering styles
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 One of the most powerful things you can do with styles is to combine them with each other to add further dimensions of style to your documents.
\par To make this easy, you should define as little as possible in each style. For example, styles changing the colour of text should not also change the typeface or text size. This makes it easy to build combinations of styles, giving you added flexibility.

\par You have already applied one style, Heading, to the headings in the document. Now go back to them and layer another style over them to add colour.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Select a heading and click on the Style button.
\par Choose the style Text colour from the list and click Apply.
\par The text will change to the new colour but remain in the same typeface.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Adding tables
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Tables are a useful way of setting out complicated information which would be hard to understand if it was written in sentences. But Fireworkz\rquote  table facilities offer much more than that. They 
allow you to create a wide range of custom forms and similar documents.
\par To work with tables, open the document Form in the Examples directory on the Examples disc.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Adding the table
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Place the caret at the end of the text in the document and press Return to start a new paragraph.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Choose Table from the Edit menu. The Insert table dialogue box will appear:
\par Enter five columns and six rows, then click OK.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The table will be added to the document. At this stage it will be very plain and not include much of the style detailing which you are going to add.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Adding text to the table
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You will need to type the following text into your table.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 
\par Use the arrow keys to move from cell to cell.
\par Notice how the rows increase in depth automatically to accommodate the text.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Resizing columns
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 To get your table looking just right you will need to change the width of some columns.
\par The last column, \lquote Preferred date\rquote , needs to be quite wide because people will be writing in it. To widen the column:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Place the caret somewhere within the column.
\par Point at the column width marker in the ruler. The pointer will turn to the two-way arrow, and the status line will confirm that you are pointing at a column width marker and give you the measurement.
\par Press down the left mouse button and drag the marker to the right for about 2cm.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The column will be resized.
\par In some cases you will want to make sure that the column is just the right size for the text it contains. This feature is called Auto width. To resize the first column automatically:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Place the caret in the first column.
\par Point at the column width marker in the ruler. The pointer will change into a two way arrow.
\par Double-click on the column width marker.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The column will resize automatically to the correct width for the widest text it contains.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Adding colour and a special border
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Tables can sometimes be difficult to read. Adding colour is one way of making it easier for people to keep their eyes on the right row or column.
\par To add colour to the table:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Create a new style, and give it a name like Table colour.
\par Go to the Colour section of the Define new style dialogue box, and click on background.
\par Choose a background colour for the table. Bear in mind that it will have text printed over it, so it should be a fairly pale colour.
\par Click OK.
\par Now select a column from the table, and click the Style button.
\par Choose Table colour from the style list and click Apply.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 One possibility is to add colour to alternate columns or rows, or to groups of rows or columns.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Adding a box
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You can add further definition to your table by adding a heavier rule around its outside. To do this:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Select all the cells in the table.
\par Choose Box from the Style menu:
\par Click the button Outside.
\par Click the thick line button in the line style section, then click OK.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 A thicker line will be drawn around the outside of the table.
\par You can also use the Box dialogue box to add thinner lines within tables, or to change the colour of lines in tables.To remove lines from a table, choose the blank button in the Line type section of the Box dialogue box.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 
Saving your work
\par }{\f4\cf1 The final step in the tutorial is to save your work.
\par You should save your document on to another disc or in another directory.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click the Save button.
\par The standard Save dialogue box will appear:
\par Enter a name for the document, such as}{\f3\cf1 -form.fwk}{\f4\cf1 . You must make sure that the file has the .fwk suffix as this enables Fireworkz to recognise it.
\par Choose the drive and directory where you want to save the file.
\par Click OK. The file will be saved.
\par }}