{\rtf1\ansi \deff8\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f8\fs20\lang1024 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}
\margl1090\margr730\margt730\margb670 \facingp\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx370 {\headerl \pard\plain \fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 
\f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Getting Started Guide
\par }}{\headerr \pard\plain \qr\fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 First steps in Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerl \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 \tab \tab Wordz----Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerr \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\cf1 Fireworkz--Resultz\tab \tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f4\cf1 
\par 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\sa600\sl760\slmult0\tx720 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs72\cf1 First steps in Fireworkz
\par }\pard \fi-431\li431\sb200\sl440\slmult0\tx440 {\f4\fs36\cf1 About this chapter
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This chapter will show you how to perform the most essential word processing tasks with Fireworkz. You\rquote ll learn how to enter and correct text using the keyboard and how to use Fireworkz\rquote  
buttons, ruler and menus to format and manage your text.
\par Even if you are an experienced word processor and computer user, you should work through the exercises which follow to see the best way to perform these tasks in Fireworkz.
\par Topics covered include:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Loading a document
\par Getting ready to type by placing the caret within the document
\par Entering and correcting text
\par Moving text around the document using the cut, copy and paste buttons
\par Using the Fireworkz ruler to change margins and indent a paragraph
\par Using the justification buttons to position your text
\par Using the style button to create a heading
\par Printing your document
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 When you have completed this part of the tutorial you will be fully equipped to create and produce simple documents using Fireworkz, and ready to proceed to the next chapter.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Loading the file

\par }{\f4\cf1 You will be working on one of the documents supplied in the Tutorials directory. To open the file, start Fireworkz:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click on Open existing file in the Startup window. The Open dialogue box will be displayed:
\par Find the tutorial directory inside the firewrkz directory.
\par Choose the file named theatre.fwk and click OK.
\par The following window will appear on your desktop and you will be ready to start editing the text:
\par To make the window as large as possible point to the maximise icon in the top right-hand corner of the window and click on it. The window will enlarge to cover all or most of the screen area.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Changing your view of the document
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Changing the scale at which you view the document
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 If you have a low-resolution monitor, you won\rquote t be able to see all of your document at once on screen. Only a portion of it will be visible in the window. 
\par For some types of work, such as editing text, you might prefer a close-up view of part of the document. For others, such as checking that the whole document conforms to the style you have chosen and looks good, you\rquote 
ll want to check the whole document at once, and a reduced size which enables you see it all at once on screen is appropriate.
\par If you have a higher resolution monitor, you can keep two or more views open simultaneously, one at 100% and another at a smaller size such as 50%, although this slows down the redrawing of the screen.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Changing the scale
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 To change the way the document is presented on screen, click on the View control button at the top left of the button bar:
\par The following dialogue box will appear:
\par Look at the group of buttons titled Scale. There are several choices available to you:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 To see a scaled-down version of the document, click the button marked 50% and the OK button in the top right of the dialogue box.
\par To see the biggest version of the document that will fit on your screen, click the button marked Fit and then the OK button. This will shrink or expand the view so that you see one complete page across the screen.
\par Type in a percentage value, or use the arrows to increase or decrease the value shown in the box, then click OK.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You will probably find it easiest to edit text with the largest scale that shows you a full line of text on the screen. 
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Moving around the document
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Changing the visible portion of the document
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 While you are typing, Fireworkz will always keep the caret on screen, so if you are simply typing continuous text you\rquote ll only need to do this if you want to go and look at a part of the 
document which has scrolled off the screen.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Move the caret around
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You can move the caret around the document in several ways:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Use the mouse to move the pointer around, and when you are pointing to the place where you want the caret to be, click the left mouse button. The caret will jump to the new position.
\par }\pard \li1080\ri287\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This is the best way to move around if you want to move the caret a long way.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Use the arrow keys on the keyboard to move the caret a line or a character at a time. The left and right arrow keys move the caret a character to the left and right respectively, and the up 
and down arrow keys move the caret a line up and down respectively.
\par Use the Page Up and Page Down keys to move through a document a screen at a time. The caret will automatically move up or down a screen when you press one of these keys.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Editing text
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The simplest and most important word processing task is typing the text into the document.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Entering text
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Adding text to a paragraph
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 To put new text in a particular part of a document, you first need to place the caret there.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Use the mouse to move the pointer to the start of the paragraph beginning \lquote This year...\rquote .
\par When you are pointing at the exact place you want to insert text, click the left button.
\par You\rquote re ready to start typing. Enter the following text:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 As you will realise, the annual school trip to the pantomime is almost upon us.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Only enter the words, punctuation marks and spaces and do not press Return at the end of lines; if a new line is needed Fireworkz will automatically begin one.
\par Type a space after the full stop, so that there is a single space between the full stop and the beginning of the next sentence.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Starting a new paragraph
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 To add a new paragraph you\rquote ll need to start a new line. 
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Put the caret at the end of the paragraph by pointing there with the mouse and clicking the left button.
\par Press Return on the keyboard. The caret will move to the left margin ready for you to enter the following text:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 If you have not already paid for your child\rquote s ticket, please send \'a33 as soon as possible.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Adding dates
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This letter needs to have today\rquote s date added. 
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Put the caret at the end of the last line of the address and press Return to begin a new paragraph.
\par Display the Inserts menu from the Extra menu, and choose Date. The Insert date dialogue box appears:
\par Click on a date format, then click OK, to insert today\rquote s date in that format in your document.
\par Today\rquote s date is inserted in the document.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Moving text around the document
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Some of the text in the letter is in the wrong order. It needs to be moved to the correct position by selecting, cutting and pasting it.
\par You use these buttons to perform these actions:
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Selecting text to move
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 There are two ways to select areas of text. Try both and see which you prefer.
\par The first way is to:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Point at the beginning of the text you want to select (in this case the paragraph beginning \lquote If you have...\rquote .
\par Press and hold down the left mouse button while dragging the pointer to the left edge of the start of the next paragraph (but make sure that you don\rquote t actually select any of the text in the next paragraph). Dragging as far as the start of the next 
paragraph ensures that you select the whole paragraph, including the paragraph return.
\par When you can see that the text you want to select is all highlighted, release the mouse button.
\par The text is selected.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The second way of selecting the text you need to move:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Place the caret at the beginning of the paragraph you just entered, \lquote If you have...\rquote .
\par Point to the end of the paragraph, just after the full stop, and press the Shift key while clicking the left mouse button. 
\par As you do this you will notice that the text you are selecting is inverted so that it appears white on black. Also, the selection icon on the button bar turns solid black and many of the buttons which were dimmed are now illuminated.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Cutting and pasting
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 To move the selected text, follow these steps:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click on the Cut button on the button bar. You will notice that a further button, the Paste button, is no longer dimmed.
\par Your selected text will disappear from the document, but it is stored internally by the computer until you paste it into a document, cut or copy another piece of text, or quit Fireworkz.
\par Put the caret at the beginning of the line \lquote Yours faithfully\rquote .
\par Click on the Paste button on the button bar. 
\par The text will appear in the new position.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Correcting mistakes
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Cutting enables you to remove text from a document but to keep a copy of it for use elsewhere. You can also do this by making a selection and then typing over it. However you will often want to 
remove text and throw it away, and you do this by using the backspace key. Typing over the text will cut it.
\par Scroll up to the top of the document. Look at the text in the first paragraph. You probably have already noticed that there are some mistakes and repeated words in it.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Deleting a single character
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The word \lquote Australians\rquote  should not have the final \lquote s\rquote . To delete it:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Place the caret just after the word Australians, either with the mouse or using the arrow keys.
\par Press the backspace key. The unwanted character \lquote s\rquote  will be removed.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Deleting a word
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 In the first paragraph, the word \lquote Cinderella\rquote  is repeated by mistake. To correct this:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Place the caret anywhere within one of the occurrences of the word \lquote Cinderella\rquote , but when you do this double-click with the left mouse button. 
\par The whole word will be selected and appear reversed out.
\par Press the backspace key as before.
\par The caret will now be in the space where the word was, with a space on either side of it. Press the backspace key again to remove the surplus space.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Deleting a block of text
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Further down the paragraph the words \lquote and retired footballers\rquote  appear. To remove these:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Place the caret at the beginning of the space before the word \lquote and\rquote .
\par Select a block of text ending just before the full stop.
\par The selected text will appear reversed out (ie white on black) and the button bar will be illuminated, just as when you were cutting and pasting a block of text.
\par Press the backspace key. The words will disappear.
\par When you delete a block of text, you need to make sure that you don\rquote t leave any double spaces between words. 
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Typing over a selection
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 If you simply want to replace text with different text:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Select the word(s) you want to replace. You can select anything from a single character to the complete contents of the document.
\par Type in the new word(s).
\par The old text will disappear and the new text will appear.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Changing case
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Sometimes you need to change the case of one or more words, changing the letters from upper to lower case or vice versa, or adding initial capitals as in a proper name.
\par In the sample document the heading needs to be changed to capital letters:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Select the heading paragraph \lquote Visit to pantomime\rquote .
\par Choose the option Case from the Edit menu.
\par The Case dialogue box will appear:
\par Click on the top button.
\par The dialogue box will disappear and you will see that the selected text is now in upper case.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Formatting 
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The document you have been working on has a very simple format. Now it\rquote s time to improve its look, by changing the justification, style, fonts and effects used in it.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Justification
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Different parts of the document need to be aligned differently on the paper. The alignment of text in relation to the margins is called justification. For example, the address is usually flush against the 
right margin, headings are often centred so that they are in the middle of the paper, and the main body of text is often printed so that it is flush against both margins. 
\par The letter you are working on requires each kind of justification. At the moment all the paragraphs are left justified. The lefthand edge of each line of text is next to the margin, but the righthand 
side ends where the last word finishes, producing a ragged right hand edge. Typesetters often refer to this as \lquote Ragged right\rquote . This is the default setting, which will appear in your documents if you don\rquote 
t explicitly choose an alternative.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Choosing justification settings
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Changing the justification of a paragraph of text is as simple as clicking in it and then clicking on one of the four buttons in the justification group, shown below:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Each button in the palette shows a rough guide to the way your text will appear if you select it.
\par The currently selected button appears to have been pressed in.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The following examples show you how to use justification in the sample document:
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Right justified\emdash ragged left
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Select the five lines of text which form the address at the top of the letter and the date.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click on the second to the right button in the justification palette.
\par The text will move so that it is up against the righthand margin.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Centred
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Centring is often used for headings and for documents with only a small amount of text, such as posters and invitations.
\par Select the paragraph which heads the letter\emdash the line of text \lquote VISIT TO PANTOMIME\rquote .
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click the second button in the justification palette.
\par The text will move to the middle of the screen.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Changing the margin\emdash using the ruler
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You can use the ruler to change the margins of lines and paragraphs within the document.
\par In the middle of the document Theatre are a set of dates. These will stand out more if the paragraphs containing them are indented.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Indenting paragraphs
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Use the ruler and the markers on it to indent text.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 First, select the paragraphs beginning with Year and ending with Thursday. 
\par Point at the left margin marker, which is a small triangle. You will use this will indent the paragraph. Note how the status line confirms your actions:
\par Drag the marker 1cm to the right and then release the mouse button. You can check the measurements by looking where the marker is on the ruler and also by reading the measurement on the status line. You will see that the paragraph margin marker 
(the square above the left margin marker) moves with the left margin marker; you can also move it separately.
\par While the marker is moving you will see two horizontal arrows on either side of it like this:
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Applying styles
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 One of the benefits of WYSIWYG word processing is that it enables you to experiment with styles and change the look of your document without having to print it out to see the results.
\par Changing the style of text is easily accomplished with Fireworkz\rquote  buttons and menus.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Applying a style
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The style of the main body of text in the letter you are editing looks fine and doesn\rquote t need changing. However the heading could be made to stand out more.
\par To change the style of the heading:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 First select the text you want to change, in this case the paragraph \lquote VISIT TO PANTOMIME\rquote .
\par Click on the Style button on the button bar. The Style dialogue box will appear:
\par Choose the style you want from the list, by scrolling through the list using the mouse until the entry you want is highlighted. In this case, choose the entry Heading.
\par Click Apply in the dialogue box.
\par The selected text will now appear in the new style.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl280\slmult0\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\tx8640 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Applying effects
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Emphasis is added to text using bold and italic forms of the letters. If you have used a typewriter, you will be used to underlining words for emphasis, or to show that they are the title 
of a work of art. You should use italic letters to do this with Fireworkz.
\par To put the name of the pantomime in italics:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Double-click on the word Cinderella in the first paragraph, so that it is selected.
\par Click on the Italic button in the button bar. 
\par The word will appear in italics.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Checking your work
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Everybody makes typing errors from time to time. To help you avoid making mistakes, Fireworkz includes a spelling checker which will read your document and query any words it thinks you might have got wrong.

\par To check the spelling in this document:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Choose Spell from the Extra menu, and click on Check.
\par The spelling checker will pick up some words it does not know in the address. Bypass these by clicking on Next until you come to the first real mistake, \lquote atending\rquote .
\par The spelling checker will pick up the first spelling mistake and display a dialogue box showing the word \lquote atending\rquote .
\par Click on the correct spelling, attending, in the list box, and click Replace.
\par If there are any more spelling mistakes, correct them as the spelling checker reports them to you.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Printing your work
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The final phase in the production of most documents is printing them out, and this is no exception.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Ensure that you have installed and set up a printer driver in Microsoft Windows.
\par Click on the Print button in the document window.
\par The Print dialogue box appears:
\par You want to print one copy of the document, so there is no need to alter any of the settings in the dialogue box.
\par Click OK and the document should be printed. If there are any problems with printing, refer to the chapter on Printing in the User Guide.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 What you should do next
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You should now be able to produce simple documents using Fireworkz, and understand the way the program\rquote s various components work together to help you write and format documents.
\par If you\rquote re still unsure of the basics, have another go at editing the practice file. 
\par If you\rquote re happy that you understand everything you have learnt in this chapter, go on to the next chapter where you will learn how to use Fireworkz\rquote  more powerful features to improve the design and layout of your documents.
\par }}