{\rtf1\ansi \deff8\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f8\fs20\lang1024 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}
\margl1090\margr730\margt730\margb670 \facingp\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx370 {\headerl \pard\plain \fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 
\f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Getting Started Guide
\par }}{\headerr \pard\plain \qr\fi-20\li20\sl280\slmult0\tqc\tx0\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs24\cf1 Working with Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerl \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 \tab \tab Wordz----Fireworkz
\par }}{\footerr \pard\plain \qj\sl240\slmult0\tqc\tx3300\tqr\tx6600 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\cf1 Fireworkz--Resultz\tab \tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f4\cf1 PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\f4\cf1 1}}}{\f4\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f4\cf1 
\par 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\sa600\sl760\slmult0\tx720 \f8\fs20\lang1024 {\f4\fs72\cf1 Working with Fireworkz
\par }\pard \fi-431\li431\sb200\sl440\slmult0\tx440 {\f4\fs36\cf1 Introduction
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 This chapter introduces several aspects of Fireworkz. By working through this chapter you will learn to:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Add a date
\par Use the style editor
\par Use the ruler to change margins
\par Add a picture to a document
\par Set up and perform mailmerge\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Editing and formatting text
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Load the document saleslet.fwk from the Examples directory. You will see that it contains a letter from a company which is a standard reply to customers who have enquired about prices and products.
\par The document contains a picture, the name of the company in coloured letters up the side of the page, the company\rquote s address, the text of the letter, and at the bottom of the page, a table.
\par The picture is in the wrong place. It is in the centre of the page, when it should be aligned with the left edge of the text. 
\par Click in the area of the picture. A red outline will appear. Click inside this outline and drag the picture to the left, till its left edge aligns with the text.\page }{\f4\fs32\cf1 Adding a date
\par }{\f4\cf1 The next step is to add the date to the letter. You can add dates in a wide range of formats, to save you typing it in. 
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click in the line above the first line of text (add1) at the left edge of the page. 
\par Click the Right justify button; the caret will move to the right edge of the page.
\par Choose Date from the Inserts menu (on the Extra menu). The following dialogue box will appear:
\par Click the last format in the list, which will give the date as a number followed by month and year. Fireworkz always enters today\rquote s date, and shows it in the dialogue box.
\par Click the button marked Live. Whenever you open this document, the current date will always be used. If this option is switched off, the date entered today will stay fixed in the document.
\par Click OK. The date will be inserted into the document.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Mailmerge
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 When this letter is sent to customers, it is personalised to some extent. As enquiries arrive they are logged in a worksheet, also held in Fireworkz. At the end of the day, all the enquiries are 
printed using the mail shots facility.
\par Load the document names.fwk from the Tutorial directory. You\rquote ll see a list of names and addresses held in the rows of a worksheet; the second row contains the title of each column.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Selecting the database
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The first stage in setting up mailmerge is to choose the database holding the names and addresses to be used. This is held in the Names worksheet. (You can use any Fireworkz, Resultz, or CSV 
document for this purpose). To tell Fireworkz which document to use for mailmerge:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Make sure that saleslet.fwk is the active document.
\par Choose Mailshot from the Extra menu, and choose Select... from the Mailshot submenu. A dialogue box will appear:
\par You need to select the file to use. Click on names.
\par Next you need to select the row which will be used to show you what is happening when you add fields to your letter. Choose row 1 as this is the one containing the titles of the columns.
\par Click OK.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Adding fields to the letter
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 You are now ready to add the fields to your document. To do this:
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Select the first line of the recipient\rquote s address (add1) in the saleslet document.
\par Choose Mailshot from the Extra menu, and Insert field from the Mailshot menu. A dialogue box will appear.
\par You need to enter the number of the column holding the information you want to appear here. The first address field in the Names document is column 4, so enter 4 in the dialogue box and click OK.
\par In the sales letter document, you will see that the contents of the cell in column 4 and row 2 have been added to the document. You will see the text Address1.
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 Go through the next three lines, adding fields 5, 6 and 7. These should insert text reading Address2, Address3, and Postcode, respectively.
\par In the salutation line of the letter, you need to add the fields for the title and the name.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Select the word title, and insert field 1.
\par Select the word name, and insert field 3.\page }{\f4\fs32\cf1 Dealing with blank fields
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 One problem with mail merge is that addresses in the list have blank fields, which could cause blank lines to appear within the address in the finished letter. Fireworkz lets you deal with this.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Choose Select from the Mailshot menu and display row 5. You\rquote ll see that this introduces a blank line into the document.
\par Choose Select from the Mailshot menu again, and click the button marked Shuffle. The fields which you want to shuffle are those containing the address, so enter 4 as the start row and 7 as the end row in the dialogue. This tells Fireworkz to move 
any blank lines that appear in the document between certain fields to the end of the space. Click OK.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Editing the table
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The table at the bottom of the page requires a small amount of work doing to it. As you will see, two columns contain text, two columns contain numbers, and the last column contains a formula.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Applying a style
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The third and fourth columns of the table contain numbers. These are currently unformatted, but should be displayed as currency as they are prices. 
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Select the cells in these columns which contain prices.
\par Choose Styles from the Style menu. A list of styles will appear.
\par Choose pounds pence from the list.
\par Click Apply. The numbers will be redisplayed with \'a3 signs. Note that they are also now right justified within their cells.
\par }\pard \sb200\sa100\sl360\slmult0 {\f4\fs32\cf1 Creating a style
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 The numbers displayed in the last column show customers the savings they receive if they take advantage of the special offer. However, these numbers are not currently displayed as a percentage.
\par A new style is needed to display the numbers as percentages.
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Choose Styles from the Style menu, and click New from the menu which appears.
\par Enter the name }{\f3\cf1 percentage}{\f4\cf1  for the new style, and click on Base letter as the style for it to be based on.
\par Click OK. The new style will be added to the list, and you will go to the style editor dialogue box to define the style.
\par Go to the Ruler section, by clicking on the button at the left marked Ruler. Click the Justify button, and click the Right align option. This means that the numbers to which this style is applied will be right aligned.
\par Go to the number section, by clicking on the button at the left marked Number. Click the number button, then click the arrow at the right. This will display a list of number formats. Click on the following:
\par }\pard \li1223\ri287\sb80\sa80\sl200\slmult0 {\f3\fs16\cf1 0%
\par }\pard \fi-216\li1080\sa100\sl240\slmult0\tx1080 {\f4\cf1 Click OK. The style\rquote s definition will be added to the list.
\par Select the numbers in the last column and click the Style button. Choose percentage from the list and click Apply.\page }{\f4\fs36\cf1 Summary
\par }\pard \li863\sa100\sl240\slmult0 {\f4\cf1 In this chapter you learned how to use the mail shot facility, and had more practice at using the Style editor when working with tables, including setting up a new style containing a number format.
\par For more information on mailmerge and the Style Editor, see the relevant chapters in the User Guide.
\par }}